docs: add instructions for syncing forks (#29)
mobilestack-xyz/mobilestack-runtime: docs/syncing-forks.md

# Syncing Forks

> Periodically you'd need to sync forked repos with the base repo(either pulling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Periodically you'd need to sync forked repos with the base repo (either pulling
```

in changes from Valora into mobilestack-runtime or from mobilestack-runtime to another mobile
stack app). There are multiple ways to do it, the below documents one way that
helps maintaining commit history and makes pulling future changes easier.

## One time setup

### Pull forked repo to your local machine

```console
# could be MS runtime or another MS app
$ git clone git@github.com:mobilestack-xyz/mobilestack-runtime.git
```

### Add upstream remote repository

On the root of the forked repository

```console

> # if pulling changes from Valora to MS run time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# if pulling changes from Valora to MS runtime
```

running the below, which would present you a text editor to update the commit message

```console
$ git commit --amend
```

### Open a pull request

Push the remote branch and open a pull request on github. Make sure to include
conflicted filenames in the PR description to make it easier for reviewers.

```console
$ git push origin $BRANCH_NAME
```

### Merge pull request

Once the PR is approved, merge the pull request using the `Create a merge
commit` option:

![create-a-merge-commit](./assets/create-a-merge-commit.png)

This is off by default and you'd need to enable `Allow merge commits` in the repo settings:

![allow-merge-commit](./assets/allow-merge-commit.png)

You'll get a red error message saying the repository requires linear history and
doesn't allow merge commits. You can ignore this message and continue with the
merge.

A successful merge would mean that at the root of the repo, you'll see the
message that says `This branch is X commits ahead of <base-repo>`. You should
not see `Y commits behind`.

Once you've merged, you can disable `Allow merge commits` option in the settings
so other PRs are only merged using the `Squash and merge` option.

## Fixing bad merges

> In case something went wrong with the sync, (e.g., fork is still behind base

Reviewer: Perhaps would be good to mention that you should only attempt this/follow these instructions if there have been no new commits to main since the sync that you're trying to fix.

Author: updated warning below to include this info
